[DRAFT] Q3 Roadmap (#20351)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: ROADMAP.md

In the period spanning May to July 2021 539 Pull Requests were opened in the provider and 449 were merged, adding support for:

- Amazon Timestream
- AWS AppConfig
- AWS Amplify
- AWS Service Catalog
- AWS ElasticSearch Native SAML for Kibana
- Amazon Macie 2
- Delegated Administrators for Organisations
- Predictive Autoscaling
- Amazon EKS OIDC
- AWS Transfer Family support for Amazon Elastic File System
- Amazon Kinesis Data Streams for Amazon DynamoDB

Among many other enhancements, bug fixes and resolutions to technical debt items.

From August-October ‘21, we will be prioritizing the following areas of work:

## Provider Version v4.0.0

The next major release of the provider will include the adoption of the AWS Go SDK v2.0 as well as a refactor of one of our oldest and most used resources: S3.

There will also be the usual deprecations and sometimes breaking changes to existing resources which are necessary to maintain consistency of behavior across resources. Our goal is to focus on standardization to reduce technical debt and lay a strong foundation for future enhancement initiatives within the provider.

> For details of the changes in full please refer to #TODOISSUE. We would love to hear your feedback.

Reviewer: Issue is live @maryelizbeth 😄 
```suggestion
For details of the changes in full please refer to https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/20433
. We would love to hear your feedback.
```

- aws_quicksight_iam_policy_assignment
- aws_quicksight_data_set
- aws_quicksight_ingestion
- aws_quicksight_template
- aws_quicksight_dashboard
- aws_quicksight_template_alias

### Amazon AppStream
Issue: [#6058](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/6508)

_Amazon AppStream 2.0 is a fully managed non-persistent desktop and application virtualization service that allows your users to securely access the data, applications, and resources they need, anywhere, anytime, from any supported device. With AppStream 2.0, you can easily scale your applications and desktops to any number of users across the globe without acquiring, provisioning, and operating hardware or infrastructure. AppStream 2.0 is built on AWS, so you benefit from a data center and network architecture designed for the most security-sensitive organizations. Each end user has a fluid and responsive experience because your applications run on virtual machines optimized for specific use cases and each streaming sessions automatically adjusts to network conditions._

Support for Amazon AppStream will include:

New Resource(s):
- aws_appstream_stack
- aws_appstream_fleet
- aws_appstream_imagebuilder

> ### Amazon Connect 

Author: @AdamTylerLynch Updates to Roadmap for connect; let me know if there are any changes you'd like me to make!
